[Episode 17]
The connection was bad. I didn't catch that. Could you say that again?
Director Cen, you've got time to spare? No, I was kidding. Just chatting.
Good.
I heard about it, too. The team needs to issue the working papers.
I've been following this project from Hai City.
You have been on the front line the whole time.
You should know a lot more than I do, right?
It's not that we can't issue the working papers.
But once the project lead signs off, they answer for the firm's entire reputation.
Today, you didn't even notify me.
Yet you're rushing to take on that responsibility.
Is it because you're sure this project is clean?
Or because you're especially confident in yourself?
I'll be in Teng City next week.
Before that, anything the team produces
will need Deputy Miao's final review.
Ding, any objections?
No objections.
Then I'll thank you in advance.
All right, Director Cen. We'll get back to work.
What are your plans tonight? Want to come over to my place?
I'll have Qiao make ribs for you.
I have plans tonight.
What plans?
I'm meeting Tu Li.
Tu Li? Why are you meeting her?
Hello. Here is your next dish. This is our aromatic yellow beef.
That's everything. Please enjoy.
- Thank you. - You're welcome.
I'd like to say two things first.
First, since this audit team was formed,
We've rarely had a chance to get together and relax.
Second, Ms. Miao and Xiao Yu, I'm sorry about today.
I was too harsh.
I owe you both an apology.
Let's all have a drink. All right?
What are you all staring at?
- Come on, cheers! - Okay.
You've all worked hard.
Come on, let's get moving.
- This is local chicken. - Okay.
Let's raise a glass. Hope everything goes smoothly at work.
Easy.
- Eat more. - I'm not drunk.
- I'm fine, really. - Where's Ding?
He went to pay the bill.
- Come on. - I'm going to the restroom.
Go on.
- Let me see you two out. - No need, stay here.
Yeah, don't worry about your matter. We'll make sure it's handled properly.
- Thanks for the hard work. - Alright, we'll head out first.
- Sorry for the trouble. Bye. - Bye.
Thank you, Yi.
No need to thank me.
Yi, are you into someone?
It's okay. It's rare to meet someone you love in life.
Thanks for looking after me all these years.
Hello? What's wrong?
Hello? Come pick me up.
Where are you?
Susheng Farm.
I'll drive over. How much did you drink?
Hello? Come pick me up. I drank too much.
Susheng Farm.
How much did you drink?
Just three or four glasses.
Did a company called Mingtong book a private room here?
- Which room? - I don't know.
Miao Jing, what's wrong?
Say something.
Call the police.
Hello?
Who are you people?
Hey, you!
Aren't you from Mingtong's audit department?
What's Mingtong?
That's her.
That's her!
Stop!
Don't run.
Stop.
Stop running.
- Stop right there! - Don't run!
Hurry.
Go find her.
Catch her!
Stop running.
She's up ahead.
Stop!
Are you okay?
After her.
Stop right there!
Open it.
Miao Jing, where are you now?
I'm behind the parking lot.
Are you hurt? How many are there?
About seven or eight. I'm not hurt.
Head outside.
Where did she go?
After her.
- Keep up! - Stop!
Stop! Go after her!
Stop running!
Block her path.
- Stop! - Stop there!
Keep up.
Stop! Hurry!
- Watch how you're driving! - Chen Yi!
- Who are you? - Are you okay?
What the hell... Are you blind?
Don't get out.
Grab your weapons. Kill him.
You had the nerve to call for backup? Get out of here.
Who sent you? Talk!
I don't know.
Talk, now!
Under the temple, the bone is only a few millimeters thick.
It's the weakest point in the skull.
I don't know!
It was Lihao. Lihao's people sent us.
What does Lihao do? Why did they send you here?
Lihao is a company.
Mingtong's audit report for them had problems.
It ruined the company. So they sent us to get back at Mingtong.
This is my first time seeing this woman. We only wanted to scare her.
If I'd known Mingtong set her up...
Chen Yi!
No, Chen Yi, don't!
Chen Yi.
Enough, Chen Yi.
It's me.
It's me. I'm here.
Sorry.
Did I just scare you?
No.
I'm here.
How did this happen?
Fighting and assault.
Mutual assault.
Fine. Then write it up as a mutual assault.
I have no objection.
Chen Yi, watch your tone. Cooperate with the investigation.
The other guy is clearly at fault.
But with that attitude, even if you're right, you won't be able to make your case.
Are you hurt?
I'm fine.
I hit him harder.
Captain.
Chen Yi.
Stop making things harder for him.
You know what he's like.
If he didn't see you as family, he wouldn't be so involved in your life.
Family.
What right do I have to be his family now?
- Jing. - Uncle Zhou.
Come, sit down.
I'll get you some water.
Don't worry. It's nothing serious.
There are cameras at the farm.
The other side is fully at fault.
That's just how Yi is. You know that.
Sorry to trouble you.
I didn't expect this right after coming back.
It's all right.
Is auditing this dangerous now?
I remember you wanted to be an accountant. How did you end up auditing?
It's not that dangerous. Things like this almost never happen.
It can happen in any industry. It's a matter of odds.
A matter of odds? Look at you, sounding so proper now.
We haven't seen each other in years. I never thought you'd come back to Teng City.
I didn't even pick you up.
Then we meet here instead.
If Wen were still here, she'd blame me for not looking after you.
I heard you're handling Haoyun's case now.
Yes.
So you came back this time because of Chen Yi.
Don't worry. I won't try to talk you out of it.
I watched you both grow up.
It hurts me to see either of you suffer.
To be honest, I failed you both back then.
I didn't protect you.
Don't say that, Uncle Zhou.
Don't wear yourself out.
I'm sure she'd want you both to be happy.
The paperwork is done. Take him back.
Jing.
The tea was really good.
Let's get a cab.
For this section, we estimate the order volume...
- Let me see that list. - It's less than twenty percent.
Combining it with the last proposal may lead to some changes.
But I don't just need the 2011 data. I need 2010, 2009, and 2008 as well.
- Send me all three years. - I'll sync the data for those years to you.
- Go back and prepare it. - Okay.
Look, this figure doesn't match any of these.
Do you have any questions?
I think we need to review it again.
- Then take a look, and we can discuss it. - Sure.
Director Cen. We have a proposal here.
- Please come and take a look. - Okay.
We still need to align on the level of detail.
Our goals and parameters are for financial compliance review,
Internal control assessment, and economic responsibility audit.
What do you think?
- Wait a moment. - Okay.
- Look at this. - Yes.
This financial statement...
What is it?
It's news from Teng City.
After the Lihao case ended, some of their people held a grudge.
They hired a few thugs to come get revenge.
Should we have them return to Hai City and wait for the company to handle it?
Don't report it to the higher-ups yet. I trust her to handle it.
I'll send you all the old Lihao files later.
Put together the contact records from back then for me.
Focus on the people from Mingtong who handled the coordination then.
Okay.
A pack of cigarettes.
We only have Double Happiness.
- Is that okay? - Sure.
Thanks. Ten yuan.
Didn't you want to be an accountant? How did you end up in auditing?
I started auditing after college.
Can you quit?
Why should auditing put you through this? It's too dangerous.
This was just a freak incident. I can handle it.
You had so many options after college. Why did it have to be this?
What kind of job is this?
The moment something goes wrong, they send people to scare you...
- and seek revenge. - I said I can handle it.
By that logic, what job isn't dangerous?
I think it's good to do what you love when you're young.
- Give me a cigarette. - Miao Jing, I'm talking to you.
Don't smile your way out of this. Why does it have to be auditing?
Six years ago, you controlled my application. Now you want to control my job.
- Who are you to me? Why do you get a say? - You almost died. Do you understand that?
How many lives do you have to gamble away?
What about you? Working for Zhang is a gamble, too.
- It's not the same. - Did you win? How is it different?
Neither of us can escape it, you know?
- You can. - I can?
What about you?
You don't need to worry about me.
I just need you safe and sound.
You just need me safe and sound?
Chen Yi, do you know how ridiculous you sound?
I really don't know what you mean by safe.
You changed my application and left me alone in Hai City.
Is that the safety you wanted?
You could have a better life in Hai City. Why come back here to rot with me?
Why, the moment I could have a better life, do you have to rot away here?
What are you, some worthless piece of trash?
You know I can't bear to leave you. To me, you're home.
You're the one who destroyed my home. Do you know that?
Miao Jing, we're not the same.
My life is already a complete mess. I can't have a better life. Do you understand?
Then what can you do?
Chen Yi, I'm asking you.
What can you do?
If I told you to kiss me right now, would you dare?
You're useless.
Miao Jing.
Give me some time.
Come on, let me do it.
Now you know it hurts?
It doesn't hurt.
I won't lecture you about anything else. I know you won't listen anyway.
But you have to go to the police station's counseling sessions.
On the follow-up records, you've been missing for three months.
They've already come to me about it.
I'm not going.
You're not going?
Fine.
You're being awfully agreeable today.
I can't talk you into it. I'll have Miao Jing talk to you.
Don't.
Then I'll set up a time with him.
I'll pick you up tonight.
I'll go by myself next time.
Then I'll call Miao Jing.
Tonight works.
I'll go tonight.
You use that trick every time. Aren't you tired of it?
It's cheesy, but it works.
Jing, you're here.
Uncle Zhou, you're here.
- I'm here to see Chen Yi. - Right.
The pool hall was just renovated, so we need safety training.
I asked Uncle Zhou to come take a look.
See if the safety permits are in order.
Right.
It's already noon, so I picked up some food.
Let's eat together.
Sure.
After we eat, I'll give it a proper inspection.
What did you get?
I kept it pretty light. Not sure if it's to your taste.
Great. Food is all I need.
Here, soup.
I've got it.
- Here. - Give me a hand.
Check out the shrimp. Not bad.
These are vegetables.
What's this?
Beef. Nice.
What's wrong? Are you not feeling well?
I'm fine.
This soup is good. Better than the cafeteria at our office.
Maybe tonight, I'll come back for another free meal.
Sure.
Great.
What are you staring at? Eat, kid. It's so good.
- Eat. - Eat.
Jing, there's an emergency at the office. I should head back now.
Take your time eating.
Take care, Uncle Zhou.
Wait.
Take this with you. Have some if you get hungry.
It's easy on the stomach.
[Chen's Rice Cakes] This brand? I haven't had this in a long time.
I thought young people didn't like it, and it had closed down.
The old flavors aren't that easy to replace.
Okay.
Thank you.
I'm off.
What's wrong?
Did you bandage it yourself?
It's so ugly.
Eat up.
Give me some rice.
Just the routine questions. A routine check-up.
Relax.
Don't act like it's torture every time.
I'd rather be tortured. At least that would be quick.
Don't talk nonsense.
I asked Professor Li.
If this keeps up, there's a good chance the desensitization will work.
I'm doing fine the way I am now.
But Miao Jing is back now.
Wait.
Put your hat on.
Do I have to?
Be good. Put it on.
Mask.
I'll wait for you outside.
Don't worry. Everything will be fine.
Get out.
How have you been sleeping lately?
Not bad. I can fall asleep.
You look better than last time.
Sounds like things have been going well.
This will help calm your nerves. Have some.
Thanks.
Regular counseling and follow-ups are a form of protection for our informants.
It's a protective measure for informants.
No need to be nervous. Relax.
We're just going to chat.
Got it.
- Let's begin. - Okay.
Relax.
Chen Yi, relax.
Chen Yi, you're back home now. You're completely safe.
Chen Yi.
You're trapped in your own dream now.
So you have to wake yourself up. Do you understand?
Chen Yi.
This is only a dream. Don't let it trap you. Try to take control.
Who did you fight so hard to come back for?
Who have you wanted to see most?
Where is she?
Chen Yi, breakfast.
Here.
Take it.
Time for school.
Come on.
[Working late tonight. There's food in the fridge. Make sure you eat.]
[Counseling Room]
Hold on.
- Captain. - What?
[Counseling Room] A girl is looking for you.
What are you doing here?
I was worried Uncle Zhou wasn't eating well. So I brought him something to eat.
Childish.
Let's go home.
I...
I came here because I had some business.
Is it still about Lihao?
I heard they're cracking down on fights lately.
The process is a bit more complicated, too.
It'll be soon.
Then let's go home.
I'm starving. Let's get some braised food. The place behind your high school.
Sure, then...
The session is over?
It's over.
What's wrong? Nothing you want to ask?
What is there to ask?
What's going on today?
Before his sessions, you used to call seven or eight times.
You'd keep asking nonstop. What's different today?
Okay. If you have something to say, say it. Stop keeping me in suspense.
Overall, he's getting much better.
With just a little guidance, he calms down quickly.
Then he's back to normal.
Really? So he can finish exposure therapy soon?
If he keeps improving like this, he might fully recover in a few months.
But it's hard to say.
The main thing is that he can't have contact with those people again.
Honestly, in terms of mental strength and willpower, the kid is top-notch.
Compared with others who went through similar things, he's much stronger.
Of course.
With that kid's personality, if he'd gotten into the police academy back then...
Forget it. It's in the past.
Is Chen Yi dating someone?
What, he told you?
Not exactly.
If he can have a normal relationship, that's a good thing.
He needs to ease back into normal life.
Young people's lives aren't ours to manage.
No touching.
Why so protective of your stuff today?
You're done. Take off.
Okay. Use me and toss me aside, huh?
Zhou.
What now?
Take my advice.
When you feel off, come talk to me.
Go. Your wife is waiting for dinner.